Sublime/Notepad++ :
I dont really have anything special to say about these editors, they work fine for me and i have been using them from the beginning. Syntax highlighting is the only feature that seems useful but i dont really even know if they have others.

Jupyter:
I really enjoyed using this editor and wrote and edited almost my whole program here, the way it displays the data and can run the code instanlty and disply it there is useful. its error messages are also more useful than the normal anaconda command line ones, pointing out more specifically the lines where the errors occured. The cell functions are convenient and intuitive, and i really just enjoy the GUI. Additinally the way it displays graphs and its markdown cells are significantly more aesthetically pleasing than the convential display and seems much more professional. The one problem that i had was that when first using the program trying to type anywhere but the end of the line (ie inserting additional entries or correcting) deleted the characters ahead instead of "pushing" them ahead of it (not sure whats thats called), which cost me alot more time and work by having to rewrite the whole line whenever i wanted to correct or add something in. This no longer occured after i restarted it about a quarter of the way through so it was fine after that and i think if it ever did occur again with a little bit of research i could figure out how to turn that (what i assume to be a function) off.

Spyder:
I did not enjoy spyder as much as jupyter, the only thing it offers that jupiter does not is the dropdown allowing you to select a command once you have started typing it. I dont have trouble with this and simply found the box to be somewhat annoying. Tt does of course also have the history logwhich i could see being useful but i have not yet encountered any situation in which i would have wanted that functionality so... I did not work as much in spyder as i did in jupyter so i am sure i have not discovered all of its capabilities though. But i enjoy the GUI significantly less than Jupyter, the help box in the top left is also not useful and just seemed to take up space. It is also marginally harder to run code quickly, with one having to select the code they wanted and then pressing the keyboard shortcut, while in jupyter one can simply hit the keyboard short cuts to either run the code from the cell you are in or the whole script. 